feat: http version check (#3912)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Routes.md

  }
})
```

### ⚠  HTTP version check

Fastify will check the HTTP version of every request, based on configuration options ([http2](./Server.md#http2), [https](./Server.md#https), and [serverFactory](./Server.md#serverfactory)), to determine if it matches one or all of the following versions: `2.0`, `1.1`, and `1.0`. If Fastify receives a different HTTP version in the request it will return a `505 HTTP Version Not Supported` error.

|                          | 2.0 | 1.1 | 1.0 | skip |
|--------------------------|-----|-----|-----|------|
| http2                    |  ✓  |     |     |      |
| http2 + https            |  ✓  |     |     |      |
| http2 + https.allowHTTP1 |  ✓  |  ✓  |  ✓  |      |
| https                    |     |  ✓  |  ✓  |      |
| http                     |     |  ✓  |  ✓  |      |
| serverFactory            |     |     |     |   ✓  |

> Note: The internal HTTP version check will be removed in future when the Node.js implemented this [feature](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43115).

Reviewer: Please hard wrap these lines to be consistent with the rest of the document.

Author: Done

Reviewer: No, I did not mean to make it a block quote. I meant wrap the lines at 80 characters with a line feed.

  }
})
```

### ⚠  HTTP version check

Fastify will check the HTTP version of every request, based on configuration
options ([http2](./Server.md#http2), [https](./Server.md#https), and
[serverFactory](./Server.md#serverfactory)), to determine if it matches one or
all of the > following versions: `2.0`, `1.1`, and `1.0`. If Fastify receives
a different HTTP version in the request it will return a
`505 HTTP Version Not Supported` error.

|                          | 2.0 | 1.1 | 1.0 | skip |
|:------------------------:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:----:|
| http2                    | ✓   |     |     |      |
| http2 + https            | ✓   |     |     |      |
| http2 + https.allowHTTP1 | ✓   | ✓   | ✓   |      |
| https                    |     | ✓   | ✓   |      |
| http                     |     | ✓   | ✓   |      |
| serverFactory            |     |     |     | ✓    |

>  Note: The internal HTTP version check will be removed in future when the Node.js
>  implemented this [feature](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43115).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Note: The internal HTTP version check will be removed in the future when Node
 implements [this feature](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/43115).
```
